British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 4: High-Level Writing and Speaking.
Lesson 5: High-Level Writing and Speaking: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a speaking task about research.
Today you will practise language connected to research.
Target language: subjunctive forms.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for high-level writing and speaking. You will learn useful language connected to research and practise subjunctive forms. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.